Need a javascript to serve up the data, which it gets from the status.cgi page
this javascript will parse the data to clean it up,
it will add some conversational tips and hints concerning how to 
    interpret the data, depending on the data (<70 is a good signal strength)

Problems: 
How to get the data to be updated synchronously with the status.cgi page

javascript callbacks?

use a js callback function to synchronize the displayed page to the online data

django return xml

requests

jsonrequests

finally figured out how to #1: Authenticate to the CPE, #2 return the json status.cgi

now the trick is to properly shove that python script into django and use some 
    kind of ajax to refresh it constantly

Firstly, I am going to clean up the return so index uses templates

http://10.1.85.29/161111.1236/status.cgi

the question now is how to pass the data from my status view to my template (base.html)

the data is returned as a jsonny dictionary. Where is it returned to? well,
    when the current url is ".../status", the only thing displayed on that page
    will be that json dictionary. Except that json dictionary needs to be routed 
    to my api.(?) The api will parse the data???? 

why is ajax not working?

in the python code in views file, I am trying to manupilate the json object (c) to return only 
select values for keys in the json file.

my views python should return a smaller json object. Which my javascript in index.html will
manipulate even more.

got it. Now I need to figure out how to display multiple pieces of information from that json
object that was returned to my index script by my views python.
I need to use javascript to return several different values associated
with keys in that json object.

got that firugerd out. now I need to figure our how to do an IP search to obtain that page. 
Here's how it will work: User opens app, is greeted by search box in which to put an IP address.
after entering a valid IP address, the user is taken to the main app page. 
I will grab that IP address that the user enters and store it in a variable that I use in
my views python to take me to the CPE info for the correct CPE

login with /main view, parse query string to get IP address, 
use that IP address to format the url that python is requesting 
json data from 

OR 

Use an HTML form to put the IP address into a variable which will 
then be used to format the url that pythom requests uses to look for json data\

Except you can't put html form values into a variable... kick ass.
Must parse query string. yay

Oh wait, my python inviews can't access the query string on the current server page! nice

or can it...  (beautifulsoup?)



Hey Sam, I am working on a Django project at my summer internship as a side thing, 
and I kind of ran into a little snag that I have having a grand ole time trying to 
get past. The idea is to get elements of a live json file (live as in produced by a
cgi script on a server) and use ajax to display it dynamically. This data 
represents the quality of a customer's wireless internet connection. (We 
provide wireless internet service to customers in rural areas). The device
that collects connection quality data is called a CPE, I am making an app
for the after hours support people so they can see a few elements of this
data, without having to log into the CPE (don't want to give out credentials).
So I will use the IP address to find the customer specific CPE. If I type the 
10.(...) ip address into a browser on the company network, the CPE info page 
comes up. Okay all that to say, I am having trouble with the "search by IP" 
part. I capture the IP address in an HTML form and send it in the query string
to another page which runs js which runs a python script to use that IP address
to log in (using requests library), authenticating and everything. How would you 
go about getting the IP address (in query string) to my python script? Is there 
maybe a way to pass a variable to python from the js that calls that python function? 
Screenshots below: (sorry didn't realize this would take so long to explain)

Hey Sam, I am working on a Django project at my summer internship as a side thing, and I kind of ran into a little snag that I have having a grand ole time trying to get past. The idea is to get elements of a live json file (live as in produced by a cgi script on a server) and use ajax to display it dynamically. This data represents the quality of a customer's wireless internet connection. (We provide wireless internet service to customers in rural areas). The device that collects connection quality data is called a CPE, I am making an app for the after hours support people so they can see a few elements of this data, without having to log into the CPE (don't want to give out credentials). So I will use the IP address to find the customer specific CPE. If I type the 10.(...) ip address into a browser on the company network, the CPE info page comes up. Okay all that to say, I am having trouble with the "search by IP" part. I capture the IP address in an HTML form and send it in the query string to another page which runs js which runs a python script to use that IP address to log in (using requests library), authenticating and everything. How would you go about getting the IP address (in query string) to my python script? Is there maybe a way to pass a variable to python from the js that calls that python function? Screenshots below: (sorry didn't realize this would take so long to explain)


Finally figured out how to put the current url into a js variable. Now
I just need to return it to python